stunning fountain and lake views welcome
you as you entered this
much-sought-after ver Sai model this
lovely one-story home includes four
bedrooms and office and three and a half
bathrooms the living room with its high
volume ceiling and large seamless glass
window floods this special residence
with natural light
gorgeous high polished marble floors set
the backdrop for this open and airy
floorplan
entertaining is a treat in this
welcoming family room with French doors
that lead to the oversized patio
gourmets will delight in this fabulous
kitchen with custom cabinetry granite
countertops and stainless-steel
appliances
the breakfast room with its butted bay
window overlooks the sparkling pool and
spa
elegance is the key in this formal
dining room with designer lighting
raffle in the sanctuary of this
luxurious master suite which includes
rich hardwood flooring as well as his
and her walk-in closets complete with
built-in
as you enter the master bath you escape
into your own private spa setting with
imported marble floors and slab families
this retreat includes a whirlpool bath
and an enticing walk behind Truman
shower with dual heads
the marble floor continues into the
library office that also showcases crown
molding and plantation shutters
additionally two oversized bedrooms
share a large jack-and-jill bath
located off the family room we have the
fourth bedroom suite which is shown here
as a per office as well as a Cabana bath
step outside to your oversized covered
patio which is perfect for alfresco
dining surrounded with lush foliage and
tropical palm trees this heated pool and
spa with views of the lake and lighted
fountain is truly paradise
sophistication and distinction can be
yours too at 10 641 blue palm street in
prestigious Hawks landing